{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red108\green87\blue101;\red160\green54\blue91;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs58\b1\i0\cf4 Ambit Group}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\sl216\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0\cf5 Age \bullet  Location}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Role in Story:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line The Ambit group is a corporation that provides the world with the Ambit, the all encompassing augmentation and visualisation layer that encapsulates most if not all human life. The story is about different people that live in this world and are affected by it.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Goal:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line The group is a public company with limitless amounts of cash-flow, influence and power. As a corporation its goal is profit maximisation, and it realises this by selling its products to  society, offering businesses to address its customer base with advanced and hyper targeted advertisement opportunities and by selling the vast amounts of data generated by people using its soft- and hardware. The company has no explicit evil goal but rather doesn't have a real goal to speak of besides its unquenchable thirst for profit. It\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s products however can and are used with malicious intent by different powerful groups like governments,  large organisations and  businesses, the rich and those operating outside of the law.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 It has its HQ in the European Union as it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s where the GDPR was created and laws on AI are being crafted. Being inside the EU allows it to lobby effectively on these laws. Because the EU did not have a strong player in the digital market they were eager to have the corporation and are lax on preventing their rise to power. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Physical Description:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line The group and its product are presented in a very sleek and premium manner, like Apple and Tesla like to market themselves. They also uphold a social responsible profile by setting up charities and having programs to improve the living standards of the poor and providing their products free of charge to non-profit organisations and education.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 On the inside this all turns out to be a facade used to further improve their profits. As all for-profit organisations do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Personality:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line The face of the organisation is the CEO a }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Occupation:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Habits/Mannerisms:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Background:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Internal Conflicts:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 External Conflicts:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Notes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs26\b0\i0}