{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OUTLINE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What you know about the story..}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a mega-corporation that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s created an Augmented and Virtual Reality game world that\u8217\'92s very popular.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the characters starts work there as a data engineer, collecting and prepping data for the AI that drives content generation. The data is collected from the players who have to sign a contract allowing the company to do so in order to play. This person is the main character and antagonist. He is not evil and questions the work he is doing it but does not act on it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The game is linked to a digital currency that can also be used outside the game so many players have turned to earning their income in the game itself, offering digital services. While earning an income by playing a digital game seems like a good proposition (especially to the young) exploitation looms just as it does in the outside world. The promise of making it big being dangled in front of participants keeps most of them engaged. Because the company and the game are very profitable (through ads and reselling of data) the market and therefor governments and society allow the digital sphere to exist and flourish.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another character is a player in the world. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a popular player able to make a generous income as an influencer and enjoys a large following. Her role in the story is to show what the sphere promises but is unachievable except for the lucky few.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A third character is a hacker trying to show the world what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong with the all-present digital layer that\u8217\'92s being lain over meat-space. He belongs to a collective that tries to stop the advance of the system and its implications.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy and girl meet (girl doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know boy is part of collective nor his ulterior motives, nor does the reader at first) and end up developing feelings for one another.. Maybe?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story follows the arc of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91man in the hole\u8217\'92 from the main characters perspective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It follow the opposite arc, that of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Icarus arc\u8217\'92 from the antagonist perspective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meaning that the story will end badly and the corporation \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91wins\u8217\'92 in the end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The opposing characters never know about one another even though they influence each other a lot. The inputs given to the AI by the protagonist fell the antagonist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Existing plotholes and questions..}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}