{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red210\green126\blue37;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f1\fs24\fi-480\li960\lin960}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs34\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0>Updating Your NaNoWriMo Word Count<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24 You can update your word count on the NaNoWriMo servers from within Scrivener. Here\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s how:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24 1.	}{\f1\fs24 Make sure you have set up a writing project for the current event on }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://nanowrimo.org"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24 nanowrimo.org}}{\f1\fs24 . You can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t update your word count to a nonexistent project!}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs20\b1\i0\cf5 2.	}{\f1\fs24 From the bottom of Scrivener\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>Project<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs24  menu, select }{\f3\fs22\b1\i0\cf5 <$Scr_Cs::3>Update NaNoWriMo Word Count<!$Scr_Cs::3>}{\f1\fs24 .}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24 3.	}{\f1\fs24 When prompted, enter your }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://nanowrimo.org"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24 nanowrimo.org}}{\f1\fs24  login details. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll only be asked to log in the first time you use the feature. (Note that Scrivener does not store your user name or password, and they are used solely for connecting with the NaNo servers.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24 4.	}{\f1\fs24 Once Scrivener has connected with the NaNoWriMo servers, it will show the name of the current project and ask you to confirm that you want to update the word count. Click \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Update Word Count\u8221\'94 to do so.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24 5.	}{\f1\fs24 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s it! (Of course, the first time you do this, you will probably want to head over to your account on }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://nanowrimo.org"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24 nanowrimo.org}}{\f1\fs24  just to see the magic in action.)<!$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Simply return to this menu item whenever you want to update your word count.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 (Note that you can only update your word count while the event is in progress. If NaNo hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t started yet, or if it has finished, you\u8217\'92ll be told that you can\u8217\'92t update your count.)<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs34\cf4 Using \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Update NaNoWriMo Word Count\u8221\'94 with Other Projects<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24 The \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Update NaNoWriMo\u8221\'94 feature is only enabled by default for projects created from the \u8220\'93Novel (NaNoWriMo)\u8221\'94 template\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 projects such as this one! The menu item will not be available for other projects. If you would like to use a different template for your NaNo project, however, you can enable the feature in other projects with a little extra effort. Please visit the below Knowledge Base link to find out how:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://scrivener.tenderapp.com/help/kb/features-and-usage/enabling-the-update-nanowrimo-word-count-feature-in-scrivener"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24 Enabling the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Update NaNoWriMo Word Count\u8221\'94 Feature in Scrivener<!$Scr_Ps::1>}}}