{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s way too late..}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No Plot? No Problem! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do I like in a novel?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - High concept ideas that are somewhat grounded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Clever characters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Unforeseen twists}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Interesting perspectives}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Nice flowing dialogue that can be somewhat stylised (think Aaron Sorkin)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mystery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Leaving things up to the reader to interpret}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Learning things about topics through the interests of the characters}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do I detest in a novel?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 How old are they?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 What is their gender?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 What do they do for work?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Who are their friends, family, and love interests?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 What is their living space like?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\bullet }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 What are their hobbies?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 What were they doing a year ago? Five years ago?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 What are their values and politics?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~ Questions you can ask might include: How would your characters respond to being asked for change by a homeless person? When was the last time they went to church? How do they feel about violent media?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Book focuses on pending global catastrophe but an ecological one ends up taking everyone out. There should be hints about this throughout the story but the characters don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take notice. }}