{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-BoldItalic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red170\green64\blue101;\red145\green145\blue145;\red210\green126\blue37;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-15780\li22740\lin22740}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f3\fs24\b0\i0\fi-15780\li32325\lin32325}{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa60\sb560\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs34\b0\i0\cf4 Making Changes}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>There are various minor changes you can make to tweak this template so that it better suits your needs.<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Project and author name:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  The default book title and author name used in headers and elsewhere can be edited in the metadata tab of the compile dialogue (click the tag icon in the rightmost header bar).}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Chapter subtitles:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f5\fs24\b1\i0  }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 By default, Compile for this template is set up so that chapter numbers are added but not chapter titles. If you want to include the title of the chapter folder in Compile:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click on \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Assign Section Layouts\u8221\'94 at the bottom of the Compile panel.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Select \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Chapter Heading\u8221\'94 in the list on the left.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Select a different layout on the right, such as \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Chapter Title\u8221\'94. (These layouts determine how each part of your manuscript looks in the compiled text using the chosen compile format.)<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Font:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f5\fs24\b1\cf4  }{\f3\fs24\b0 You can override the font used throughout a compiled document. At the top of the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Section Layouts\u8221\'94 pane in the centre of the compile dialogue, change the \u8220\'93Font\u8221\'94 setting.\line \line Note that fonts are not included in ebooks, however\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 e-readers choose their own fonts (and you would need to pay a hefty fee for a licence to embed a font in an ebook). The \u8220\'93Font\u8221\'94 setting is therefore not available for ebook formats.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs26\b1\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Page size:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f6\fs24\b1  }{\f0\fs24\b0 The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Paperback\u8221\'94 formats are set to create a PDF with a page size of 5.06" x 7.81" or 6" x 9", which are two of the formats you can use with Amazon\u8217\'92s CreateSpace and are popular sizes for trade paperbacks. You can create your own paperback format using a different page size as follows:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Right-click on the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Paperback (5.06" x 7.81")\u8221\'94 format in Compile\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Formats\u8221\'94 list.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Select \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Duplicate & Edit Format\u8230\'85\u8221\'94. The compile format designer window will open.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Format Name\u8221\'94 text field at the top, change the name to something meaningful (e.g. \u8220\'93Paperback (5.5" x 8.5")\u8221\'94) and select \u8220\'93My Formats\u8221\'94 as the \u8220\'93Save To\u8221\'94 location.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Select \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Page Settings\u8221\'94 in the sidebar.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 5.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click on the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Page Setup\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 button.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 6.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Page Setup\u8221\'94 panel that appears, ensure \u8220\'93Custom\u8221\'94 is selected in the \u8220\'93Paper Size\u8221\'94 menu and click the \u8220\'93\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 button.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 7.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Enter a new paper width and height. (Do not worry about setting the margins here; if you want to change these for the compile format, do so after the next step by clicking the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Margins\u8221\'94 button just below \u8220\'93Page Setup\u8230\'85\u8221\'94.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 8.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93OK\u8221\'94 and then click \u8220\'93OK\u8221\'94 again.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 9.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Click \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Save\u8221\'94 in the designer window. This will return you to the main compile dialogue. You now have a variation of the paperback format using a different page size that you can use at any time with any project.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Making your own special folders:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  The \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Characters\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Places\u8221\'94 folders are just regular folders that have been set up in a particular way; you can create other folders that work in a similar manner.<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To create a folder with a custom icon, add a new folder, place it where you want it, ensure it is selected, and then go to }{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>Documents \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u9658\'3F Change Icon<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  to choose a different icon.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To create your own template sheets, create a new document inside the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Template Sheets\u8221\'94 folder and set it up however you want (e.g. add text, change the title or icon, set default metadata and so on). Now this document will be available as the basis for creating new documents from the }{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>New From Template<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  menu.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 To make it so that adding a new document to the folder created in (1) always results in a document based on the template set up in (2), select the folder and go to }{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>Documents \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u9658\'3F Default Template for Subdocuments<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 , then choose the template document you created.<!$Scr_Ps::3><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2>Working with chapters instead of scenes:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  By default, this project is set up so that you write each scene as a separate text document. If you don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t like to break things up quite that much and would prefer to write an entire chapter in each text document, make the following changes:<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Rename the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Scene\u8221\'94 document to use your chapter title and move it so that it is on the same level as the \u8220\'93Chapter\u8221\'94 folder rather than being inside it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Create a new text document for each chapter.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Go to }{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>Project \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u9658\'3F Project Settings\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  and select \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Section Types\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Select the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Default Types by Structure\u8221\'94 tab.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 5.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Delete \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Level 1 files\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Level 2 files and deeper\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 6.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Section Type\u8221\'94 column, change the setting for \u8220\'93All files\u8221\'94 to \u8220\'93Chapter\u8221\'94, then hit OK. This tells Scrivener that all your files contain chapter text, not scenes. Compile has already been set up to apply the right formatting to the section types defined here.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs26\b1\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Cs::2><$Scr_Ps::1>Using a custom table of contents in ebooks:<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  When exporting to ebook format, Scrivener automatically generates a table of contents. If you would like to customise what appears in the contents, follow these instructions:<!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::3>}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sa80\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Create a document for your table of contents inside the Front Matter/Ebook folder.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Name the document \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 With the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94 document open in the editor, select }{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>Navigate \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u9658\'3F Editor \u9658\'3F Lock in Place<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 . The editor header will turn pink to indicate the lock, and you will be able to work in the binder without affecting the editor.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 4.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the binder, select the documents you would like to appear in the table of contents (hold down }{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>Ctrl<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  to select more than one document).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 5.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 For a simple flat list, drag the selected documents into the editor and drop them in the empty \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94 document. Alternatively, if you would like the table of contents indented to match the binder structure, select}{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4> Edit \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u9658\'3F Copy Special \u9658\'3F Copy Documents as Structured Link List<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  and then click into the text of the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94 document and hit }{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>Ctrl+V<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  or use }{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>Edit \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u9658\'3F Paste<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 . The documents you wish to appear in the table of contents will now appear as a list of links.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 6.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 If you wish to centre the table of contents, select the text and centre it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f3\fs24\b0\i0 7.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 In the Inspector, change the \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Section Type\u8221\'94 of the \u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94 document to \u8220\'93Table of Contents\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 8.	}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Remove the editor lock by toggling }{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <$Scr_Cs::4>Navigate \loch\af7\hich\af7\dbch\af7\uc1\u9658\'3F Editor \u9658\'3F Lock in Place<!$Scr_Cs::4>}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  or deselecting the option from the menu that appears when right-clicking the document icon in the editor header.\line \line Now, when you compile, your custom \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94 document will be used instead of the automatically-generated one. The titles in the links of the \u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94 document will automatically be updated to match those of the final compiled ebook.}{\f7\fs22\b1\i0\cf6 <!$Scr_Ps::3>}}