{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oct 24- 31:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prep time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Create characters}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outline plot}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nov 1 - 9: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Work on the time before the move to the Hague. As this story should loosely follow what you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be going through in the month of November, the first third of the time is spent outside of the Hague. Try to capture your feelings and use these in your story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can also flesh out the scenes that take place at his new function as Data Engineer for <company>. Capturing personal data of clients that are then used as training data and inputs for the AR/VR world that the company protagonist works for. Try to find a way to make discussing the process of capturing data and enriching it interesting to a layman. This story element will be where the Sci-Fi tropes of the book will be emphasised.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nov 9-16:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your first week in the new house. Lots of new things to see and do. But also an important week at work. Working towards the migration soft deadline. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Try to go out and experience the city after work each day. Visit caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9s and restaurants try and be social and take notes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nov 17-23:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who knows}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nov 23-30:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finish things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sci-Fi with realistic present day state of the art Realistic AI. Like some neural network. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s implications will turn out to be evil but that\u8217\'92s not inherent to the program.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Describe online spaces much like how Gibson would describe the Net. The danger isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t in getting iced but rather your real social life being ruined by what you do online or people do to you online. Doxxing and such.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The move to the city is the backdrop to the story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tech bits are the (grounded) fantastical elements.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what will be the plot. The main character should probably be likeable or else it would be annoying to read his story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Write what you know.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Synopsis:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Protagonist moves to new city to start a new job as data engineer. To feed an AI system that generates VR / AR game.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dangers of AI (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://devathon.com/blog/dangers-of-ai-artificial-intelligence"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://devathon.com/blog/dangers-of-ai-artificial-intelligence}}{/):}
\par\plain {- Deep fakes}
\par\plain {- DDOS}
\par\plain {- Spear fishing}
\par\plain {- Autonomous weapons}
\par\plain {- Automated surveillance}
\par\plain {- Swarm attacks}
\par\plain {- Automated social engineering}
\par\plain {- Data poisoning}
\par\plain {- Denial of information attack}
\par\plain {- Prioritised targeting}
\par\plain {- Automated, personalised disinformation campaigns}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {AI in gaming (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.engati.com/blog/ai-in-gaming"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.engati.com/blog/ai-in-gaming}}{):}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Used for}
\par\plain {- NPC\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}
\par\plain {- Pathfinding}
\par\plain {- Decision making}
\par\plain {- Data mining}
\par\plain {- Procedural content generation}
\par\plain {- Player experience modelling}
\par\plain {- Cheating}
\par\plain {- Saves cost and time}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Kinds of AI in gaming:}
\par\plain {- Deterministic AI techniques}
\par\plain {- Nondeterministic AI techniques}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {How AI enhances games:}
\par\plain {- Image enhancement}
\par\plain {- Game level generation}
\par\plain {- Scenarios and stories}
\par\plain {- Balancing in-game complexity}
\par\plain {- Adding intelligence to NPCs}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Methods used:}
\par\plain {- Decision Trees (supervised learning)}
\par\plain {- Neural nets}
\par\plain {- Genetic algorithms}
\par\plain {- Reinforcement learning}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Patterns}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Drugs?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {On TikTok algorithm -> }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.wired.com/story/tiktok-algorithm-mental-health-psychology"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.wired.com/story/tiktok-algorithm-mental-health-psychology}}
\par\plain {On Metaverse -> }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.wired.com/story/big-tech-metaverse-internet-consolidation-business"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.wired.com/story/big-tech-metaverse-internet-consolidation-business}}{/}
\par\plain {On Cyberpunk -> }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.wired.com/story/reimagine-future-cyberpunk"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.wired.com/story/reimagine-future-cyberpunk}}{/}
\par\plain }