{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Corbel;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red108\green87\blue101;\red160\green54\blue91;\red170\green64\blue101;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs58\b1\i0\cf4 The Ambit}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa480\sl216\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b0\i0\cf5 Location}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\li737\fi-737\sa160\sb320\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Role in Story:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line The sphere consists of an augmented layer on top of the physical world as well as a virtual layer that allows for movement  in the net (like netrunning in other cyberpunk novels).}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 Interfacing with either of these worlds requires the user to wear some device to see, hear, feel, taste and/or smell the sphere. The AR layer is the most basic (and most obtrusive) as this places the sphere in the physical world.}
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Related Characters:}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 All characters and in fact most people alive interact with the sphere during their daily life. Some jobs take place in there and some businesses operate purely from within the sphere.\line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Season:}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 The season matches whatever the season in the real world or can augment it to any other season real or made up.\line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Unique Features:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line Since it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s creation the sphere and physical world have been integrating more and more. Even some farm animals and pets have been augmented to make use of the sphere.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 To not partake in the sphere will hinder a person in social and societal life. It\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s all encompassing yet hyper personal in an aggressively capitalist fashion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Description:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line Augmented physical}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 Virtual digital}
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 Digital dimension connects to both the augmented and virtual dimensions.  Unsupervised online training models, using data streamed in through data pipelines. Can be interfaced with from the virtual dimension. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 The data stream consists of many sensory inputs that are compressed and sent over the network to distributed learner nodes in turn connected as a giant neural network (?). The data is captured and pre-proccessed locally on the device. The metadata generated gets streamed to some repository. The device has a local model that will flag interesting data to be sent over the net. It also receives parameters that are used in the local models. Data and metadata of the network of users is also captured and analysed in zones. As are groups of these zones and so on.}
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Sights:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Sounds:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Smell:}{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf6 Notes:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sa80\ltrch\loch \f3\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs26\b0\i0}